# Gravity Forms Entry XML Export #
**Contributors:** thewebist  
**Tags:** gravityforms, xml  
**Requires at least:** 3.7  
**Tested up to:** 4.7.4  
**Stable tag:** 1.1.0  
**License:** GPLv2 or later  
**License URI:** http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html  

Writes out Gravity Forms submissions as XML files.

## Description ##

This plugin saves out all your Gravity Forms entries as XML files.

Should you want to rename the XML tags generated by your form, you can use the filter `gf_to_xml_array_keys` which supplies a form submission mapped to an array along with the form ID. Example:

```
function new_keys( $new_keys, $form_id )
{
    switch( $form_id )
    {
        default:
            $new_keys['First'] = 'first_name';
            $new_keys['Last'] = 'last_name';
        break;
    }
    
    return $new_keys;
}
add_filter( 'gf_to_xml_array_keys', 'new_keys', 10, 2 );
```

## Installation ##

1. Upload the plugin to the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory
2. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress

## FAQs ##

### How do I start the XML export of my entries? ###

My code is hooked to `gform_after_submission`, so the plugin writes out the XML after a form is submitted. So, it doesn’t export existing entries, just new entries when they’re submitted.

### Where do entries get exported? ###

Entry XML files get exported here: `wp-content/uploads/xml/`

## Changelog ##

### 1.1.0 ###
* Setting a Gravity Forms field's "Admin Field Label" specifies the name of the XML tag used to hold the field's data in the XML export
* Added special processing for a field's CSS classes. Currently there's only one optional class: `createdirectory` will use the value of the field to create a directory where the form's XML will be saved.

### 1.0.4 ###
* Updating `$lead_source` variable to be `SITE_URL - PAGE_TITLE`

### 1.0.3 ###
* Adding additional normalization for conversion of GF form field names to valid XML element names
* BUGFIX: Adding missing semicolon

### 1.0.2 ###
* Adding `page_title` to lead source

### 1.0.1 ###
* Adding sitename to XML export filename
* Changing date value to ISO 8601 date
* Removing illegal characters from XML tag names

### 1.0.0 ###
* Initial release
